role; read; role
role; create; role
role; update; role
role; delete; role
user; read; user
user; create; user
user; update; user
user; delete; user
company; read; company
company; create; company
company; update; company
company; delete; company
campaign; read; campaign
campaign; create; campaign
campaign; update; campaign
campaign; delete; campaign
newsletter; read; newsletter
newsletter; create; newsletter
newsletter; update; newsletter
newsletter; delete; newsletter
template; read; template
template; create; template
template; update; template
template; delete; template
profile; read; profile
profile; create; profile
profile; update; profile
profile; delete; profile
contact; read; contact
contact; create; contact
contact; update; contact
contact; delete; contact
setting; read; setting
setting; create; setting
setting; update; setting
setting; delete; setting
attribute; read; attribute
attribute; create; attribute
attribute; update; attribute
attribute; delete; attribute

